✨ RUM Browser Angular Integration (#2940)
DataDog/integrations-extras: rum_angular/README.md

## Overview

With the Datadog RUM Angular integration, resolve performance issues quickly in Angular applications by:

- Debugging the root cause of performance bottlenecks, such as a slow server response time, render-blocking resource, or an error inside a component
- Automatically correlating web performance data with user journeys, HTTP calls, and logs
- Alerting your engineering teams when crucial web performance metrics (such as Core Web Vitals) fall below a threshold that results in a poor user experience

Monitor your Angular applications from end-to-end by:

- Tracking and visualizing user journeys across your entire stack
- Debugging the root cause of slow load times, which may be an issue with your Angular code, network performance, or underlying infrastructure
- Analyzing and contextualizing every user session with attributes such as user ID, email, name, and more
- Unifying full-stack monitoring in one platform for frontend and backend development teams

## Setup

> Start by setting up [Datadog RUM][1] in your Angular application. If you're creating a new RUM application in the Datadog App, select Angular as the application type. If you already have an existing RUM application, you can update its type to Angular instead. Once configured, the Datadog App will provide instructions for integrating the [RUM-Angular plugin][2] with the Browser SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set up [Datadog RUM][1] in your Angular application. If you're creating a new RUM application in the Datadog App, select Angular as the application type. If you have an existing RUM application, you can update its type to Angular instead. After you configure your RUM application, the Datadog App provides instructions for integrating the [RUM-Angular plugin][2] with the Browser SDK.
```

import { angularPlugin, provideDatadogErrorHandler } from '@datadog/browser-rum-angular'
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum'

datadogRum.init({
  applicationId: '...',
  clientToken: '...',
  plugins: [angularPlugin()],
})

bootstrapApplication(AppComponent, {
  providers: [
    provideDatadogErrorHandler(),
  ],
})
```

**NgModule setup:**

```typescript
import { angularPlugin, provideDatadogErrorHandler } from '@datadog/browser-rum-angular'
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum'

datadogRum.init({
  applicationId: '...',
  clientToken: '...',
  plugins: [angularPlugin()],
})

@NgModule({
  providers: [provideDatadogErrorHandler()],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

### Reporting Angular errors from your own `ErrorHandler`

If you already have a custom `ErrorHandler`, use `addAngularError` to report errors to Datadog without replacing your handler:

```typescript
import { ErrorHandler } from '@angular/core'
import { addAngularError } from '@datadog/browser-rum-angular'

class MyCustomErrorHandler implements ErrorHandler {
  handleError(error: unknown): void {
    addAngularError(error)
    // ... custom logic (show toast, log to service, etc.)
  }
}
```

> ## Angular Router Integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Angular router integration
```
Sentence case if this is not the proper name of this integration. Ignore if it is.

To track route changes with Angular's built-in router, initialize the `angularPlugin` with the `router: true` option and add `provideDatadogRouter()` to your providers.

**Standalone setup:**

```typescript
import { bootstrapApplication } from '@angular/platform-browser'
import { provideRouter } from '@angular/router'
import { angularPlugin, provideDatadogRouter } from '@datadog/browser-rum-angular'
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum'

datadogRum.init({
  applicationId: '...',

>   clientToken: '...',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
datadogRum.init({
  applicationId: '<APP_ID>',
  clientToken: '<CLIENT_TOKEN>',
```
Matches the Vue file and is clearer then the ellipses.

  plugins: [angularPlugin({ router: true })],
})

bootstrapApplication(AppComponent, {
  providers: [
    provideRouter(routes),
    provideDatadogRouter(),
  ],
})
```

**NgModule setup:**

```typescript
import { angularPlugin, provideDatadogRouter } from '@datadog/browser-rum-angular'
import { datadogRum } from '@datadog/browser-rum'

datadogRum.init({
  applicationId: '...',
  clientToken: '...',
  plugins: [angularPlugin({ router: true })],
})

@NgModule({
  imports: [RouterModule.forRoot(routes)],
  providers: [provideDatadogRouter()],
})
export class AppModule {}
```

> When enabled, the integration uses route patterns as view names instead of resolved URLs. For example, navigating to `/article/2` generates a view named `/article/:articleId` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When enabled, the integration uses route patterns as view names instead of resolved URLs. For example, navigating to `/article/2` generates a view named `/article/:articleId`.
```
